[IMP] surveys:update get started docs (#2534)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/surveys/overview/time_random.rst

==============================
Timed and Randomized Questions
==============================

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When creating a survey in Odoo, the user has the options to set a time limit on the survey and
randomize the questions.

```

> Time Limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time limit
```

==========

During a timed survey, participants must finish the survey within a certain period of time. Placing

> a time limit on your survey ensures that every participant gets the same amount of time to fill in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a time limit on the survey ensures that every participant gets the same amount of time to fill in
```

> answers. It also greatly reduces the chance of participants looking up responses, via external

Reviewer: ```suggestion
answers. It also greatly reduces the chance of participants looking up responses via external
```

resources (Google, etc.).

> The :guilabel:`Time Limit` field is found under the :guilabel:`Options` tab of the
> :guilabel:`Survey Form` under the :guilabel:`Time and Scoring` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:` Survey Time Limit` setting is found in the :guilabel:`Options` tab of the survey
form under the :guilabel:`Questions` section.
```

> .. image:: time_random/time-limit.png

Reviewer: This screenshot should be retaken. I think the screenshot shows Odoo 15's interface, not Odoo 14, which is the target branch of this PR. Don't forget to compress your image file size as well with pngquant!

Before making changes to the RST:

1. Retake the screenshot (remember to zoom in 110-125% and make sure the final image width/length is less than 768px)
2. Compress the image file with pngquant
3. Save your compressed image in an accessible place

During making changes to RST (using the 'Follow these steps to make another commit on an existing PR (squash commits)' directions):

1. Do Steps 1-6 of 'Follow these steps to make another commit on an existing PR (squash commits)' directions
2. Copy the file path of the original image frontend-badges.png in the scoring image folder
3. Run `git rm [paste-file-path]` on your terminal
4. Cut the new, compressed image file and paste it into the scoring image folder
5. Continue from Step 7 of 'Follow these steps to make another commit on an existing PR (squash commits)' directions

   :align: center
   :alt: Time limit field in the options tab of a survey template form.

When a time limit is configured, a timer is displayed on every page of the survey, letting

> participants keep track of the time remaining. Surveys that aren't submitted by the preconfigured
> time limit will *not* have their answers saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
participants keep track of the time remaining. Participants that do not submit their survey by the
preconfigured time limit will *not* have their answers saved.
```

Randomized Selection
====================

When a survey is randomized, Odoo shuffles the questions and reveals them in a random order every
time a participant begins the questionnaire.

Randomizing surveys is an effective way to discourage participants from looking at each other's
responses.

> To randomize a survey, click the :guilabel:`Options` tab on the :guilabel:`Survey form`, and enable
> :guilabel:`Randomized per section` in the :guilabel:`Questions` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To randomize a survey, click the :guilabel:`Options` tab on the survey form. In the
:guilabel:`Questions` section, select :guilabel:`Randomized per section` for the
:guilabel:`Selection` field.
```

==============================
Timed and randomized questions
==============================

When creating a survey in Odoo, there are options to set a time limit on the survey and randomize
the questions.

Time limit
==========

During a timed survey, participants must finish the survey within a specified period of time.
A common use case for implementing a time limit is that it greatly reduces the chance of
participants looking up responses via external resources (e.g. web search), and reduces the survey
to a "closed book" testing environment.

> Find the :guilabel:` Survey Time Limit` setting in the :guilabel:`Options` tab of the survey form,

Reviewer 2: Broken role
```suggestion
Find the :guilabel:`Survey Time Limit` setting in the :guilabel:`Options` tab of the survey form,
```

under the :guilabel:`Questions` section.

.. image:: time_random/time-limit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Time limit field in the options tab of a survey template form.

> When the :guilabel:` Survey Time Limit` option is checked, a timer will be displayed on every page

Reviewer 2: Borken role
```suggestion
When the :guilabel:`Survey Time Limit` option is checked, a timer will be displayed on every page
```

When creating a survey in Odoo, the user has the options to set a time limit on the survey and
randomize the questions.

Time limit
==========

During a timed survey, participants must finish the survey within a certain period of time. Placing
a time limit on the survey ensures that every participant gets the same amount of time to fill in
answers. It also greatly reduces the chance of participants looking up responses via external
resources (Google, etc.).

The :guilabel:` Survey Time Limit` setting is found in the :guilabel:`Options` tab of the survey
form under the :guilabel:`Questions` section.

.. image:: time_random/time-limit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Time limit field in the options tab of a survey template form.

When a time limit is configured, a timer is displayed on every page of the survey, letting
participants keep track of the time remaining. Participants that do not submit their survey by the
preconfigured time limit will *not* have their answers saved.

Randomized selection
====================

When a survey is randomized, Odoo shuffles the questions and reveals them in a random order every
time a participant begins the questionnaire.

> Randomizing surveys is an effective way to discourage participants from looking at each other's
> responses.

Reviewer 3: Optional:
Would condense the two sentences together since they link to the same idea.
Suggested rewrite for second sentence for more context around use case.
```suggestion
time a participant begins the questionnaire. Using randomization as a survey method discourages
participants from looking at each other's responses, and helps control for individual testing.
```

To randomize a survey, click the :guilabel:`Options` tab on the survey form. In the
:guilabel:`Questions` section, select :guilabel:`Randomized per section` for the
:guilabel:`Selection` field.

> After enabling this feature, navigate to the :guilabel:`Questions` tab. In the :guilabel:`Random
> questions count` column, determine how many questions (per section) Odoo should select and display
> during the shuffling of questions.

Reviewer 3: Would combine these sentences together because they're a part of the same set of instructions (instead of splitting them into separate paragraphs). Slight rework to second section for flow.
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Selection` field. After enabling, navigate to the :guilabel:`Questions` tab and look in
the :guilabel:`Random questions count` column. From there, determine how many questions (per
section) Odoo should select and display during the shuffling of questions.
```
